[Doc] Add section for threaded actor (#10751)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/async_api.rst

    # Only 10 tasks will be running concurrently. Once 10 finish, the next 10 should run.
    ray.get([actor.run_task.remote() for _ in range(50)])

.. _threaded-actors:

Threaded Actors
---------------

Sometimes, asyncio is not an ideal solution for your actor. For example, you may

> have one method that performs some computation heavy task while blocking the event loop, not giving up control via ``await``. This would hurt the performance of an Async Actor because Async Actors can only execute 1 task at a time and rely on ``await`` to enable multiplexing.

Author: ```suggestion
have one method that performs some computation heavy task while blocking the event loop, not giving up control via ``await``. This would hurt the performance of an Async Actor because Async Actors can only execute 1 task at a time and rely on ``await`` to context switch.
```
